Add note about gas limits on Ethereum vs Arbitrum (#1337)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/02-block-numbers-and-time.md

> 
> Once in the chain's core inbox contract, transactions are processed in order. Generally, some time will elapse between the time when a message is put into the inbox (and timestamped) and the time when the contract processes the message and carries out the transaction requested by the message.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Once in the chain's core inbox contract, transactions are processed in order. Generally, some time will elapse between when a message is put into the inbox (and timestamped) and when the contract processes the message and carries out the transaction requested by the message.

```

> 
> Once in the chain's core inbox contract, transactions are processed in order. Generally, some time will elapse between the time when a message is put into the inbox (and timestamped) and the time when the contract processes the message and carries out the transaction requested by the message.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Once in the chain's core inbox contract, transactions are processed in order. Generally, some time will elapse between when a message is put into the inbox (and timestamped) and when the contract processes the message and carries out the transaction requested by the message.

```

> Additionally, since the calldata of Arbitrum transactions (or the DAC certificate on AnyTrust chains) is posted to Ethereum, the gas paid when executing them includes an L1 component to cover the costs of the batch poster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, since the calldata of Arbitrum  transactions (or the DAC certificate on  <a data-quicklook-from="arbitrum-anytrust-chain">AnyTrust</a>chains) is posted to Ethereum, the gas paid when executing them includes an L1 component to cover the costs of the batch poster.

```

> In this page we describe what does this mechanism mean for the block gas limit, block numbers and the time assumptions of the transactions submitted to Arbitrum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes what this mechanism means for the block gas limit, block numbers, and the time assumptions of the transactions submitted to Arbitrum.
```

## Block gas limit

> When submitting a transaction to Arbitrum, the user needs to pay for the execution of the transaction on Arbitrum plus the relative cost of posting its calldata to Ethereum. Arbitrum handles this [2-dimensional fee structure](https://medium.com/offchainlabs/understanding-arbitrum-2-dimensional-fees-fd1d582596c9) by adjusting the gas limit of the transaction to also cover the L1 posting costs. Hence, a given transaction might show a very high value as the gas limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting a transaction to Arbitrum, the user is required to cover the execution cost on Arbitrum and the relative cost of posting its calldata to Ethereum. Arbitrum manages this [2-dimensional fee structure](https://medium.com/offchainlabs/understanding-arbitrum-2-dimensional-fees-fd1d582596c9) by adjusting the transaction's gas limit to cover the L1 posting costs. Hence, a given transaction might show a very high value as the gas limit.
```
